like yesterday I'm not going to eat it
now I'm going to wait until the bolita
so I'm probably going to have another
interview dead different college but the
English students haven't heard anything
yet so it's 24/7 now and I'm going to go
down in check
yes I have changed I decided to change
into a pinafore because it's um more
comfortable so I've just been reading
this article from The New Yorker on
Emily Dickinson the phone family
Dickinson's life which is recently
released and then I've just been
brainstorming some ideas about vampires
and literature and now I'm just going to
read over some notes
walking down to breakfast it's 8 o'clock
a few minutes past 8 I was just talking
to my friend Ruby on the phone she she
gave me a quick call I'm back from
breakfast and I also went to go and
check the notice board again to see
whether there were any more interviews
English literature candidates they have
gone up I haven't got a second interview
yet but there will be more going up in
the next hour and hour or two so I'm
gonna go back and Jack in about 40
minutes
obviously I'm going to do some prep even
if I didn't get one it's better to be
prepared but not I thought I'd do a very
short room tour so here's a brief
overview of the room that I was staying
in when you first come through the door
there is this unpaid hook and I've just
put up my bag with my hat and gloves in
the front and also my coat then here's
the desk I've just got my laptops and
notes and then in this drawer I've got
my camera
I'm headphones part and pencil case and
I've just got a few pieces of paper
Einstein Ariel this gothic fiction book
and then these poems by KF Yeats and
then I've got some calls which I want to
read I already read this one and then
just then I've got my extra English
folder here and I've got three good luck
cards oh this one's for my friend Alexis
on behalf of my forum at school
this one's from I'm not really close
family friends and this one's for my
parents on this shelf I've got this Nate
book where I keep notes from books that
I read this letter writing paper and
also this magazine and then here I've
just got some food I've just got this
naked smoothie and then some jams hearts
which i got yesterday so then there's a
table here I've just got the tea books
I'm reading which is Emily Dickinson's
envelope poems and interview with the
vampire
so I've just got my advent calendar and
then here's the badge my pyjamas at the
end here's the Wardrobe I've just got a
few shots and a dress hanging up my
suitcase some shelves that with clothes
the sink says little light just got a
hand towel here and then soap toothbrush
and then my toiletries are down here
so I'm just gonna checked again and I
still don't have a second interview well
third interview another an interview
different college kind of hoping Mannion
be calls for another interview just
because in my first interview I did so
badly and unseen is the thing which I
would say I'm quite confident with it's
something that I quite like I just feel
like I really let myself down in the
first one I feel like I was too nervous
for the first and I really enjoyed the
second and so I kind of really want to
have another one I don't know whether
it's a positive or a negative thing try
not to think about that too much I'm
just going back to check English it's
shopkins you don't have an interview
this afternoon are now free to go and I
wasn't meant to be leaving until 6:00
tomorrow at the college's they have a
very quick turnaround for interview
candidates and so they ask that you
leave your room immediately well I'm all
packed and I'm going to make my way
across to the porters Lodge
we're in Custer at the moment and I'm
having cake cheese toastie and some mint
or chocolate at the supermarket I bought
this little Christmas tree and some I
decorated it when I got home so I just
realized that I forgot to end today's
vlog so I'm quickly doing it now it's
five to ten and then after going to
Costa we just went ended a food shop
then we got back here and I decided to
wrap some Christmas present I didn't
really do any revision because I feel
like I've been under a lot of stress for
the interview thank you for watching
this vlog and have a productive week